Things that happened almost a year ago is ancient history.
The days of triple-digit growth now seem like ancient history.
So... be brave, be ready to change your views... or be ancient history.
Can I take my baby buggy on to the London eye?
We also have a MacLarens baby buggy and potties and high chair if needed.
A British company has launched the world's first baby buggy with a pollution proof passenger capsule.
One month later still another  bad hat came along to further harass him
The jury heard the evidence presented, that he was general bad hat.
However, Whitehall thinks that I am a thoroughly bad hat and will not talk to me.
Prince came onboard to have a large benign tumor removed from his head.
We were told at that time it was a slow growing benign tumor and to watch and wait.
Completely benign tumor is oncocytoma (it represents about 5 % of all kidney tumors).
Work hard and become a big fish in a small pool.
The criminals are after bigger fish than journalists, and usually concentrate on the richer countries.
The biggest fish will always claim the best lies, with smaller fish in progressively less pleasant lies.
The birth rate necessary for a nation to reproduce itself is 2.2 children per couple.
Along with the fall in birth rate, the country experienced a soaring level of education.
The government still promotes and funds abortion and other measures designed to cut the birth rate.
Plum and black cherry scented, this can be enjoyed now or cellared.
For those who have ever wondered: it tastes of vanilla with a hint of black cherry.
It has a spicy aroma of wild berries, offering black cherry and raspberry flavours.
He wears either a cravat or a knotted or bow tie.
Blood had also dripped onto the judge's striped bow tie.
By way of compensation, one boy wore a bow tie of purest white.
For all its seeming simplicity, the game is a real brain teaser.
You may occasionally enjoy a good spirited debate or a 'brain-teaser'.
Sudoku is a game of pure logic, an addictive brain teaser.
I love being a busy bee but I would like a bit of 'jill' time.
He was the busy bee of the party, but it was pleasant to hear him humming.
Busy like a busy bee you may have noticed that I have been very quiet of late.
The carpet bombing in Afghanistan confirms the dreadful power of the American military machine.
A month of carpet bombing ended in 40 hours of the most concentrated killing seen since Hiroshima.
In a continent that had recently experienced carpet bombing and the death-camps the resonance of Titus was obvious.
PC tries to improve on cellular phone privacy and security by incorporating cryptographic techniques.
When your cellular phone batteries aren't kept fully charged, it will die in the middle of conversations.
Your cellular phone needs to be protected from water, extreme temperatures, scratches, and unnecessary falls.
How does it feel to experience a close call only to come out alive and kicking?
It's going to be a close call as both teams will be expecting to beat the other.
The close call with death left her deeply religious with a great devotion the Virgin Mary.
The mentality of the average foreigner is a closed book to us.
I now say with the benefit of hindsight, it was a closed book to me.
The geography of Scotland was a closed book to me.
Over 6 years he developed a computer program to produce puzzles quickly.
An example might be the amount of memory taken up by a computer program.
How then is the correctness of a computer program ever to be established?
By all accounts he was charming and plausible: a true con artist.
This man is not a firefighter but a manipulative con artist who is able to adapt to his surroundings.
A self-confessed thief, forger, and con artist, he used a roster of assumed names and false identities.
The shepherd could be assured of a hot meal from the cast-iron cooking stove inside.
They will be informed about avoiding the situation by using an environment friendly cooking stove.
The kitchen/dining room is open-plan and has a cooking stove, microwave and fridge.
The cotton candy had melted, and although he was a bit sticky he looked OK.
Afraid your tot is being dumbed-down by too much cotton candy and miniature golf?
As soon as they arrived at the circus, Adam bought popcorn and delicious cotton candy.
The chapter concludes with a critical review of simulation games.
You may be asked in the course of your studies to write a critical review.
As assessment students provide a research report and a critical review of the research which are equally weighted.
It is not right that criminal enterprises try to use dirty money with a clean face.
Peter Lilley describes money laundering as the cleaning of dirty money generated by criminal activity.
When dirty money disappears offshore, it becomes more difficult for governments to tackle corruption.
Thus the church was filled with people before divine service began.
By the 19th century, parishioners attended divine service with umbrellas.
After restoration in 1876 and again in 1905, the building re-opened for divine service.
A lack of scavengers' marks on the bones suggests they had not previously been exposed on dry land.
Animal, plant and insect remains are also better preserved in the waterlogged conditions than on dry land.
Hydrotherapy water provides a wonderful medium for exercise, offering exciting opportunities for movement not available on dry land.
A dry wall will suck the moisture from a render mix in moments.
The sandstone makes good flat stones for dry wall building and paving.
Heat loss through wet walls is up to 3 times higher than through a dry wall.
Eric was being an eager beaver and left work late.
Eager beavers  willing to learn your job for less pay are almost always waiting in the wings.
If you are a really eager beaver you can pre-order the DVD now from either of the below retailers.
We have already extended to Greece certain types of relief and economic aid but these are inadequate.
The USSR was soon giving Cuba economic aid, technical support and military 'advisers' from the USSR.
A government's success in reducing population movement should be a key factor in allocating economic aid.
It may be that the pay-off for using bleach free products is a little more elbow grease!
Fortunately, the majority of the factors can be changed by you with a little elbow grease.
Once the dough is prepared we start the proving process, which takes more time than elbow grease.
Under one-party-rule there was no elbow room for the democratisation of Taiwan.
There is elbow room to address bold new topics and engage in new avenues of research.
That provides more elbow room for the financial hyperinflation that has taken over both in the US and abroad.
The large entrance hall is light and airy with open galleried landings above.
The entrance hall, stair and assembly hall of the union seem to be retained.
A public telephone is available in the main entrance hall of the manor house.
They have been called home to their eternal rest and we are left behind.
These tolls announce the death of a nun and call for prayers for her eternal rest.
The passengers, with early morning porridge complexions, don't look far from eternal rest.
This would make farmers' markets the fastest growing sector in the UK food market.
When small British farmers were forced out of the food market, they responded by coming to town.
As overseas demand is increasing we are helping local producers get a bigger share of the quality food market.
Like Jimmy Greaves and Gary Lineker, Owen is a lancer not a foot soldier.
Obviously the ghost operative is somewhat better equipped than a mere foot soldier.
The role of the working class was not to be a foot soldier of the actions of a " left-wing " reforming government.
in the sixties, one would have called her a flower child, in the sense that she doesn't pursue life with a fixed agenda or timetable of ambitions.
i'm a flower child, a simple person who wants to change the world, create a revolution, give flowers to people and stop the vietnam war.
many of the images here are affectingly representative of their times, including flower children placing daisies into the rifles of us soldiers.
John Paul II was an effective front man for the catholic church.
He couldn't play an instrument but was the perfect choice for a front man.
Queen will always be remembered for their enigmatic front man, Freddie Mercury.
And he has a black goose egg on his forehead.
In this picture her normal goose egg is in the middle.
And I had like a goose egg out to here, and a fat lip.
Give your grey matter the workout that it needs to stay sharp and focused.
More ideas will follow when I get the grey matter functioning.
These youngsters can be encouraged to use their grey matter if the presentation is right.
You were a kind of guinea pig, as well as one of the architects of the assessment.
I am all in favour of being a guinea pig, but with the right precautions in place.
But ford has devised a test to prove them wrong -- and I agreed to play guinea pig.
My mother was unaware of this half brother and half sister.
She had killed her own half sister when they were children.
He learns the truth, that his mistress is also his half-sister.
Brock Brock, called half wit by the villagers, claims he is a herald.
The baldy man is a gormless half wit who is some distance apart from normality.
It is an idea of half wits that scientists themselves must falsify their own ideas.
He was accused by the daily mirror of living the high life at the charity's expense.
It just showed how she still lived the high life while everyone else endured rationing.
I was now supposed to be one of the glamorous elite, cheerfully enjoying the 'high life'.
He interviewed many sporting wives and partners and gradually infiltrated an often secretive inner circle.
He started writing about film, and quickly became part of the inner circle of legendary critic Pauline Kael.
Formal or informal contacts with the prime minister or his inner circle are now greatly prized by the persuaders.
We can form such a matrix from n vectors in any vector space having an inner product.
You can use the product global function to do matrix-matrix inner product multiplication.
In particular, note that operator *= does element-by-element multiplication, not inner product style matrix multiplication.
Rather than come to terms with his alien origins he voluntarily enters an insane asylum.
Her half-sister was an inmate of an insane asylum.
This often involved undercover work and feigned insanity to get into the insane asylum on Blackwell's Island.
My insurance company wants the details of the other driver. 
An accident report form will have to be completed for the insurance company.
You should inform your insurance company of the accident as quickly as possible.
Your insurance policy requires you to take care of your property at all times.
The person may also have had an insurance policy which will cover funeral costs.
The university has a travel insurance policy which can be purchased by students.
That same year the first campesino labor union was formed.
They set up a successful communist labor union in France right after the war.
About two years ago, a labor union tried to organize the workers, but the workers refused.
Flotation is achieved by the use of a miniature 'life belt'.
Above him the gondola had stopped and a life belt was thrown to him.
Another life belt was thrown and the two men dragged her to shore on the east bank.
In this way, the vest resembles a typical 'life vest' used by boaters.
Life jackets: each crew member must wear a life vest at all times when racing and testing.
The  life vestunder your seat, with built-in whistle and flashlight, is next to useless.
And the old lime tree perhaps inspired us to make a collection of limes.
They posted the letter on the lime tree trunk.
And the lime tree, lovely and tall, every leaf silent hardly looses even a last breath of perfume.
A loan shark is someone who lends money at a high weekly interest rate.
Bin Bin fails the test for the army and borrows money from a loan shark.
One problem is that the illegal loan shark will not be covered by consumer credit laws.
Do not go to meet a loose woman, lest you fall into her snares.
Pola Negri plays a loose woman and there are several nightclub scenes.
If you are a female musician in Zimbabwe you are seen as a kind of loose woman.
Documents can be sent electronically or printed, and then mailed using the standard mail service.
A more recent development is the web-based mail service, such as Hotmail, Yahoo Mail, and others.
All tutors have email facilities and offer telephone support as well as the traditional mail service.
My client is one of the most recognised brands in the financial services market place.
Is your product a premium product that costs more that the average in the market place?
The can makers have introduced three new slim size cans into the market place this year.
After completing middle school, he moved on to the high school.
How well can one teach a young elementary or middle school level child to manipulate symbols?
By interacting with American inventors and entrepreneurs, middle school students learn firsthand about history, technology, and science.
I had a narrow escape by not being in the cinema at that time.
Bolton made a narrow escape by sheltering himself in a corner.
He had a narrow escape when his mates and commanding officer were killed.
The record company posted a net income of $ 178 million on sales.
Net income dropped 40 percent to $ 153.4 million due to costs to expense stock options.
The corporation reported 40% improvement in Q3 net income.
The news was culled initially from a news agency teleprinter on the ship.
Which news agency was responsible for this piece of speculative journalism?
The news agency which filmed this event was threatened until it agreed to withdraw the footage from circulation.
The interaction of helium atoms is weak since it is a noble gas.
A noble gas configuration is reached if these are lost to form positively charged ions (cations).
Other elements in the periodic table react with other elements to gain the 'more stable' noble gas configuration.
Just between you and me he's a bit of a nut case.
Yes it is a relief knowing I am not a nut case, or at least not totaly.
Okay, I get the jersey attitude and the fact that Abruzzi is a nut case.
He runs into his old flame, now reunited with her husband.
She is an old flame of Steve's, so he invites her to lunch.
A woman suspects her husband has rekindled an affair with an old flame.
I think perhaps that zap-it-up games are becoming a little bit old hat.
The trouble is that our citizens take all that for granted - it's all old hat.
This may be old hat in most of the world, but in Iraq it's virtually a revolution.
A handicap system means that any new player can successfully challenge the old-timers.
I suppose newcomers to the groups probably think us old-timers are hard-hearted and uncaring.
If you're an old-timer, you might remember some of these events, perhaps in their European parallels.
The phone book will tell you where the nearest centre is to you.
Can I say that I know the people of a town by inspecting the phone book?
A typical example of a simple database is a contacts list or phone book.
I'd rather use little incidents like when The Clash stole a pillow slip from a hotel.
We provide: mattresses; mattress cover and clean under sheet; pillow and pillow slip.
She discovered a very beautifully bound leather book, with pages stiff and creamy as starched pillow slips.
All of these are at good prices to suit your pocket book.
He gave me some Spanish books and a pocket book and diary.
She had written down the date in her pocket book of the day when she dispatched it.
This man, a dangerous psychopath, kills a prison guard and escapes.
The partially-deaf defendant stood in the dock wearing a blue shirt and was flanked by a single prison guard.
Anibalzinho claims that prison guard Manuel Macuacua was waiting for him and accompanied him as he crossed the prison.
Failure to pay will result in a 5 year prison term.
Extortion carries a prison term of one to 15 years.
Her first prison term was for a book on freedom of speech.
Carmella is missing, but will private eye Connor take the case?
If you want dirt, the private eye suggested, you should steal the man's garbage.
The police are getting nowhere and private eye Billie Winkie has mysteriously vanished.
All contractors and consultants will be asked to sign a record book covering the collection and return of keys.
The record book must include details of the assets comprised in the estate and their expected realisable values.
It will be your responsibility to update your record book which will show evidence of your experience and achievements.
The fourth year is spent doing a research project in a 'real' research lab.
Being part of a research lab provides at times very exciting fieldwork experiences for individual students.
Bath operates several undergraduate degree programmes that include a professional placement year in industry or a research lab.
I had almost forgotten dressing as a sex bomb at the holiday camp.
Ferrara and Holmes double-team Canadian sex bomb Bella Marie Wolf.
Salma Hayek, however, has taken a major diversion from her established big screen Mexican sex bomb persona.
Ah well, the silver lining is that her actions will be under much greater scruitiny than before.
But is the practice totally bad news for the local pharma companies or is there a silver lining?
Pursel tried to find a silver lining in his experiment gone wrong by claiming that the pig was leaner.
They will deal with all situations tactfully and with sound judgement.
I think editors want critics who are well read and have sound judgement.
We're reassured that he's exercising sound judgement in this situation.
I make fizzy drinks by mixing juice with sparkling water.
Pour this into two tall glasses and top with sparkling water.
Add some slices of lemon to your iced tea or sparkling water.
The road above leaks into the catacombs of a subway system.
A subway system which was abandoned before it was even used.
New York's subway system carries 4.5 million riders daily.
For severe tennis elbow that has failed to heal, your doctor might suggest an MRI scan.
Tennis elbow can be initiated by an acute injury, but more commonly the onset is insidious.
Tennis elbow is the consequence of a variable combination of acute and chronic overuse of the wrist extensors.
He is a top dog in construction circles in Hong Kong.
You'll mix with other gangs and prove who the top dog is.
You're going to be top dog, number one, king of the jungle.
No wonder tom couldn't work with him; he is a wet blanket.
Brian takes the practical view that they cannot afford it and is branded a wet blanket.
And Michael, on the other hand, can make Elizabeth feel like a perpetual wet blanket or miser.
Words and music are closely matched, and the composer introduces word painting.
His psalm accompaniments often had a good measure of old-fashioned word painting.
To have the orchestral palette available for word painting the text is her idea of vocal heaven.
The house is located on a dead end street.
We continued up the dead end road towards Ardtalla.
Corridors led to dead ends and doors which were locked.
In our society, profit is often a dirty word.
We spend our formative years being obsessed by the city and considering suburb as a dirty word.
We leave a legacy of dirty words to children who are growing up and are saying, " what does that mean, mummy? "
I have a fish story to tell you.
The big fish story, the whale that swallowed Jona?
 My funny fish story is about my algae eater named Vac - short for vaccuum cleaner.
The executioner fastened the iron collar round his neck.
The remains of an iron ring to which a chain and iron collar would have been attached.
When iron collars will be rounded over their necks, and the chains, they shall be dragged along.
A human baby has 20 baby or milk teeth.
The roots dissolve until the milk teeth fall out.
do you remember putting your milk teeth under your pillow for the tooth fairy?
Teenagers just want to speak their mother tongue.
all translators translate into mother tongue and live in-country.
how do children learn their mother tongue so quickly?
Some exhibitors also provided health checks for staff.
Why do people have an annual health check?
This was a US study of patients who attended a preventive medicine clinic for health checks.
Freud returned from Paris determined to study and treat mental disorders.
They had complaints of alcohol poisoning, mental disorders and liver disease.
Her clinical experience has been on children with physical disabilities and mental disorders.
They can get married, become street girls, or work as house girls.
In Ghana, 6,000 babies are living on the streets of Accra with their street girl mothers.
many young street girls are vulnerable to abuse which can also result in unplanned pregnancy
Quality wedding disc jockey equipment comes at a cost.
Keri enjoys music and has turned into a skilled disc jockey.
Let one of our high energy disc jockeys entertain your next party.
During summer, dust storms and hot winds often make life unbearable.
Kabul is now hot and dusty with frequent dust storms.
The hills on either side of the road were barely visible because of a dust storm.
She felt she could not just be an armchair critic - it was her moral responsibility to do something.
He will be quoted as an example of ' all that is wrong with the game ' by every armchair critic in Wales.
I caught the train to get back home to be an armchair critic of England's football team performance against Jamaica.